Last updated: November 19, 2021


Please read and acknowledge carefully before using Our Service.


Interpretation and Definitions

Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Disclaimer:
* Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Disclaimer) refers to Healthcare Systems R&A, 180 Northfield Dr W Suite 100, ​Waterloo, ON N2L 0C7.
* Service refers to the Application.
* You refers to the individual accessing the Service, or the Company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
* Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device named Comprehensive Mobile Health App.
No Advice
Our Service provides only health information that will be collected while You use the Application. The Application does not provide professional medical or treatment advice and may not be treated as such by the user. As such, Our Service may not be relied upon for the purposes of medical diagnosis or as recommendations for medical care or treatment. The information on this Application is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. All content, including text, graphics, images and information, contained on or available through this Application is for general health information purposes only.


Professional Medical Advice and Assistance


You are strongly encouraged to confirm any information obtained from or through this Application with your physician or another professional healthcare provider. You are also advised to review all information regarding any medical condition or treatment with your physician or other professional healthcare provider. 


No Reliance


You must never rely on any information obtained from this Application for any diagnosis or recommendations for medical treatment. You must never rely on the information received from this Application as alternative to medical advice from your physician or other professional healthcare provider. 


You must never disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking medical treatment as a result of any information You have seen or accessed through this Application. If You have any specific questions about any medical matter, You should consult your physician or other professional healthcare provider. If You think You may be experiencing any medical condition, You should seek immediate medical attention.


Contact Us
If You have any questions about the Medical Disclaimer, You can contact Us:
* By email: info@healthcare-systems.ca
* By phone number: +1 (226) 355-9600